Custom License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

**Non-Commercial Use**: The Software is provided under this license for
non-commercial use only. Any commercial use of the Software requires explicit
written permission from the copyright holder.

**Patent Grant**: Subject to the terms and conditions of this license, each 
contributor hereby grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, 
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) 
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and 
otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent 
claims licensable by such contributor that are necessarily infringed by their 
contribution(s) alone or by combination of their contribution(s) with the Work 
to which such contribution(s) was submitted. If you institute patent 
litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a 
lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a contribution incorporated within the Work 
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent 
licenses granted to you under this License for that Work shall terminate as of 
the date such litigation is filed.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
